docs: document PAT_CREATION_DISABLED global env var (#2691)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/self-host-user-management.mdx

```

</CodeGroup>

### Disabling personal access token creation

> By default, users can create Personal Access Tokens (PATs) in any organization. For self-hosted customers, an admin may want to globally disable PAT creation across all organizations. This feature flag allows an admin to prevent users from creating new PATs in any organization on the instance.

Author: Ah, oops. It's just an environment variable. I'll fix the wording.
```suggestion
By default, users can create Personal Access Tokens (PATs) in any organization. For self-hosted customers, an admin may want to globally disable PAT creation across all organizations. This environment variable allows an admin to prevent users from creating new PATs in any organization on the instance.
```
